# Streaming-Video
This is a front-end react project to implement video streaming app upon a request.

- We Open Broadcaster Software OBS running in my computer. OBS is not only used for streaming video but also used for recording your desktop to a video file as well. So while I stream video on OBS, i push the streaming to my app. One way of putting this video streaming service together is to create something called a **Real Time Messaging Protocol (RTMP) Server**. This is a specialized server that is going to receive an incoming video feed and then broadcast that video feed out to users who visit my website. RTMP server is not limited to just one stream at a time. So we could potentially have several different streamers, all sending video to our single server RTMP and then many different viewers could be watching each of these different streamers at the same time. We are going to create an RTMP server but we are going to use a third party package. 

- But we also have some other information that we want to share with our users. For example, a user needs to know what streams are currently broadcasting or what streams exist inside of our application. So we are going to have a separate Api server that is essentially just going to store a list of all the different streams or channels that are available inside of our application. So a user is essentially going to first inside the browser visit that server and see the list of streams that are available. Once they see the appropriate stream they can then select that stream and that will essentially make a request over to the RTMP server to  get the live video feed and then show it on the screen to the user inside their browser. So in total we are really going to have three different folders in src. client, api-server and RTMP server.

- api-server, will keep the list of streams. instead of creating express-server, I used (json-server)[https://www.npmjs.com/package/json-server]

